and it's a sport scene who speaks
today we have here the game fifa 14 of
isport the 14th edition of the series of
games are in doubt by the
ue and canada games for pc and consoles
with various portals for android irs
in this new version of fifa justifies the
physical change of the game players that go
choose various ways to shape with
Ball coming to us and I 'm going to play
different and unique
so the game got much less
predictable and more exciting I do not see
that you can not always predict the
which the player will execute
in this version for android there are two
control types
the controls to the sides on the screen and
classic control
I preferred a business because it was more
practice for you to use
when and by slides on the screen
especially here on the tablet screen
you need to make larger movements
and this ends up hampering a little bit
so if you like the covenant is
most common to see the classic is an option
but you lose this type of content
in the dem settings
the players did not move anymore
near the ball becomes easier
to steal and put even you is certain that
so when you're playing with
great players like the Messi or
Cristiano Ronaldo
see you get the ball and neither do the players
nor the defender can reach
speeds on stealing the ball but off
these cases are much more
realistic about the stealing game
the ball
the player runs those things like that
One thing I also really liked about the
stationary balls
we are not animated by the
players hit the miss the goalkeeper is
in the belly of things like this
You'll get an angle here that goes.
appear to you on the screen and slide
make the kick according to your
slide at the time were not stronger or
weaker to make a kick with
a deal with
What you will do slide on the screen
both in the corner and in the fault as
in the consoles and pc version
the performance of goalkeepers improved them
are massages with more reflexes
mobility
the graphics are very good especially
when we talk about the fact that the game
has only 1.3 debts and has
more than 600 films being 21 brazilians
33 books among the most famous
Spanish and Italian linked the
around the world and over 16
players then compaction into a
great work done by the
ignis here the narration in English not in
Portuguese how not to be twisted to
as it traverses where the narration made
by tiago leifert and caio ribeiro
but it's a good quality ration
narrator and knew well our
players
he is very convinced in his lines and
has no speech so very strange or
a wrong thing such
so it's cool, it 's a shame it does not have
future we do not know the sex will
launch an update that brings a
narration in other languages ​​with the
Brazilian Portuguese but only the
narration in English is already great and the
people in the end the crowd also deserves
Spotlight
the songs are very famous in your
great quality that in my opinion has
to gain more prominence by appearing in
June
it also has several modes of
play and show a little of the main
the way you are handling team coach and
your choice
and you can buy players who
do custom searches for
comparabilidades are sources player
their cast and make a proposal of
loan transfers the options
for the content of the team but were
replacements and select
diverse backgrounds of the shots hit the
July and in standards for standing balls
things like that so you're going to play
here according to the standard calendar
of the island of excellence
I had my car here, I'm
making fashion maggi pr stayed then it will already
referendum with the facop branch championship o
English so it's pretty cool this way
play five sets for those who enjoy kind of
transfer and negotiation thing if
you can not be just the money that
could have seven continents
bringing democracy sell players
players to renew contracts for the
stuff like that
already in the tournament it is possible to select a
of the 135 kingdom to play the championship
Entire contest the title campaign of the
selected team is a very similar way
with the church
The difference here is that you're only going to play
their matches will hold the matches
and according to the calendar you can
consult the table also verify that
the top scorers the next games of the
season
so it's also a pretty cool way
the game is organized by jim and despite
do not allow games to air in real time
He had to save his progress here.
your data online
Another high point of the game is
ultimate team in which the player in his
own team participates in campaigns
online
players are represented by
Breeds that you listen to one of their
friends to win with her to exchange
for new players and who gives voice to players
the fifa 14 also offers a blow
called games of the week in which the
user may have at a party in the
matches of championships as he would
play the
usoc in custom bar is possible
make changes and controls in the
video settings and here in the
where we can still make a
narration in English French Spanish
German and Italian
it is also possible
in the option to all where aligns keep the
14 most updated with the real world
I hope you have enjoyed the north.
ipn law